Minor typo (#514)
gaearon/overreacted.io: src/pages/a-complete-guide-to-useeffect/index.md

  }, [count]);
```

> To do this, we need to ask ourselves: **what are we using `count` for?** It seems like we only use it for the `setCount` call. In that case, we don’t actually need `count` in the scope at all. When we want to update state based on the previous state, we can use the [functional updater form](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#functional-updates) of `useState`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, we need to ask ourselves: **what are we using `count` for?** It seems like we only use it for the `setCount` call. In that case, we don’t actually need `count` in the scope at all. When we want to update state based on the previous state, we can use the [functional updater form](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#functional-updates) of the setter function:
```
